{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 # Title\par
Cash App's Secret Fintech Conglomerate\par
## Overview and Origin\par
In the year of 2013 a man by the name of Jack Dorsey founded what is uknowingly becoming a fintech conglomerate known as Cash App. Backed by Block inc. (formerly known as Square inc.), Cash app began as a P2P mobile app that allowed for quick and easy payments. Cash App was created on October 13, 2013 and has since innovated in various processes by adding a debit card, savings, stock purchases (even fractional purchasing options), bitcoin, round-ups, and now even covering taxes all in its platform. With its low fees and commissionless based trading, Cash App is slowly becoming a fintech conglomorate as it strives to become a one-stop shop for your financial needs. \par
\par
* What is the name of the company?\par
I Chose Cash App due to it's strive for innovation as it becomes a one stop shop for financial securities and needs. \par
\par
* When was the company incorporated?\par
Cash App launched on October 13, 2013 through Square inc., formerly known as Block inc.\par
\par
* Who are the founders of the company?\par
Jack Dorsey and Square inc. founded Cash App back in 2013; although passing away in 2023, the company continued it's strive for innovation with Square leading its processes. \par
\par
* How did the idea for the company (or project) come about?\par
The idea of Cashapp came to me not only as its statistical graph of revenue shows a promising future but Cash continues to improve it's platform through emerging with new features such as Stocks, Bitcoin purchase/transfers, and Savings.\par
\par
* How is the company funded? How much funding have they received?\par
Cashapp's Funding remains unclear to me as well as the amount they received in order to succeed, however with the help of Square inc. and Cash's collaboration with Sutton Bank.  \par
\par
\par
## Business Activities\par
\par
* What specific financial problem is the company or project trying to solve?\par
Cash App is currently facing a major crisis as consumers are reporting illicit activities like money laundering and other illegal activities however, Cash shows no sign of finding a solution. \par
* Who is the company's intended customer?  Is there any information about the market size of this set of customers?\par
Though cash App intended their focus towards a less affluent core market, it has became very popular amongst young adults ages 15-39. With an astounding range group ranging from 18 to 24 and 25 to 34 totalling approximately 54% of the users.\par
\par
* What solution does this company offer that their competitors do not or cannot offer? (What is the unfair advantage they utilize?)\par
Lack of due dilligence surrounding this matter of reported illicit activity including scams and money laundering, Cash hasnt shown any sign of progressing toward a fix for this issue. \par
\par
* Which technologies are they currently using, and how are they implementing them? (This may take a little bit of sleuthing\f1\endash\endash  you may want to search the company\rquote s engineering blog or use sites like StackShare to find this information.)\par
\f0\lang1033 Cash App emplements an encryption and fraud detection technnologies to to help secure consumer data and finance.\f1\lang9\par
\par
\par
## Landscape\par
\par
* What domain of the financial industry is the company in?\f0\lang1033\par
Fintech is being dominated by Cash App as it's rapidly growing primarily for its peer-to-peer payment services and mobile payment which has evolved to a one stop shop including crypto trading, stock purchase, and tax services. \f1\lang9\par
\par
* What have been the major trends and innovations of this domain over the last 5\endash 10 years?\par
\f0\lang1033 Major innovations such as including stocks, crypto, trading and savings leave consumers fairly interested in Cash's progress. Though the process took about 10 years, Cash App (owned by Squre Inc.) made sure to make these features available for its users.\f1\lang9\par
\par
* What are the other major companies in this domain?\par
\f0\lang1033 Though Cash App's competitors; such as Zelle, Venmo, etc. rivaled cash constantly. Cash App shows resilience towards shying away from the task of expansion.\f1\lang9\par
\par
\par
## Results\par
\par
* What has been the business impact of this company so far?\par
\f0\lang1033 Cash App has made an easier route to instantaneously send money with it's low fees. Tons of individuals are enjoying what Cash has to offer.\f1\lang9\par
\par
* What are some of the core metrics that companies in this domain use to measure success? How is your company performing, based on these metrics?\par
\f0\lang1033 Cash App's constant integration from P2P Payments to issuing debit cards, card boosts and investments. Upcomming features are constant being brought to the table such as bitcoin and incentives to use known as card boosts, to reward their customers for using Cash App to pay at select merchants.\f1\lang9\par
\par
\par
* How is your company performing relative to competitors in the same domain?\par
\f0\lang1033 Though both Venmo who's owned by Paypal and Cash App owned by Square Inc. has become a popular P2P payment method allowing both instant transfers. Cash App rivals Venmo relentlessly with constant adaptations such as offering tax services and investment strategies to it's platform allowing for  Cash to dominate Fintech industry.\f1\lang9\par
\par
## Recommendations\par
\par
* If you were to advise the company, what products or services would you suggest they offer? (This could be something that a competitor offers, or use your imagination!)\par
\f0\lang1033 I would critically advise Cash App to improve not only their customer service availability but to implement a variety of different altcoins, credit services improvement services, and credit card options. \f1\lang9\par
* Why do you think that offering this product or service would benefit the company?\par
\f0\lang1033 Through implementing these features, it would not only would Cash attract tons of publicity as their users would have more options to choose from. These features would also increase users who use different applications to focus their attention on the upcomming one stop shop fintech conglomorate.\f1\lang9\par
\par
\par
* What technologies would this additional product or service utilize?\par
\f0\lang1033 Technologies such as Ai interface for faster service and statistical analysis would cater to customer service as well as helping users achieve their credit needs. In addition, online finance and blockchain features would be available to their users in a much further capacity.\f1\lang9\par
\par
* Why are these technologies appropriate for your solution?\f0\par
}
 